Wait, zoom in, please.
What's the matter?
Is he suspicious?
No.
He's just an acquaintance of mine.
So, why did you ask me out for coffee?
You miss me?
Uh, Dylan, were you at Ellen Street by Lexington Avenue last Saturday?
I don't remember.
Why?
She's any werewolves there.
Werewolves?
Right.
I am investigating this case right now involving werewolves.
Did you see any werewolves on Ellen Street?
Werewolves.
Werewolves don't exist in this world.
They exist in fairy tales.
You must be a really big fan of Twilight.
No, I've seen a real werewolf before.
Where?
New Jersey.
Okay, well, do you know who this werewolf might be?
No, but it might be related to the case I'm investigating, so if you find any leads.
Yeah, sure.
But do you think Bryant would be okay with me helping you?
Bryant?
What are you doing here?